let me show you how this is done hold
the glass up and examine the one against
the light
you're looking for color and clarity now
stick your nose in
maybe some strawberry oh there's just a
flutter of like a like a nutty edam
cheese
when do we drink it now
[Music]
are you chewing gum no
sped it out
get married on saturday here's my last
week of freedom we're gonna play some
golf
eat some great food and we're gonna send
you off in style
it's gonna be great
[Music]
because these girls wanna party with us
if they wanna drink merlot we're
drinking merlot no if anybody orders
hello i'm leaving i am not drinking
anywhere low
tonight we are celebrating miles book
deal published
what's the title the day after yesterday
oh you mean today
um yeah
why did you tell them that my novel was
being published
you have been officially depressed for
like two years now
we're gonna go have some fun miles do
you remember fine
woman finds out how i live and i'm not a
published author
any interest she has is going to
evaporate real quick i should stay for
the weekend
no we have to get back to the rehearsal
dinner for rehearsal dinner
[Music]
you're getting married
just now i could have told you some
story but i didn't i told you the truth
i spent three years trying to extricate
myself from a relationship that was full
of deception
i am not jack all i
can say is that my life is
[Music]